DOCUMENTATION/MODS.md, before:

# Mods

| Mod Name | Version | Description | No Mixins? | No Coremods? | No ATs? |
| -- |:--: | -- |:--:|:--:|:--:|
| [AppleSkin](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/appleskin) | 1.0.14 | Displays additional hunger information in the food bar. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| [Applied Energistics 2](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/applied-energistics-2) | 8.3.0-alpha.2 | A Mod about Matter, Energy and using them to conquer the world.  | ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [AstralSorcery](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/astral-sorcery) | 1.13.9 | Astral Sorcery is a magic mod focused around harnessing the powers of starlight and the constellations. | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ |
| [Biomes O' Plenty](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/biomes-o-plenty) | 13.0.0.431 | Biomes O' Plenty is an expansive biome mod for Minecraft that adds a slew of new, unique biomes to the Overworld and Nether!  To go along with the new biomes, it adds new plants, flowers, trees, building blocks, and much more! | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [Clumps](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/clumps) | 6.0.0.14 | Clumps groups XP orbs together into a single entity to reduce lag when there are many in a small area. Ontop of this, it also makes the player immediately collect the orbs once they touch the player, so you are not stuck with a bunch of orbs in your face. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| [CodeChicken Lib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/codechicken-lib-1-8) | 3.5.1.408 | Contains libraries for 3D math and transformations, model rendering, packets, config, colours, asm and a few other things. | ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [CraftTweaker](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/crafttweaker) | 7.1.0.184 | CraftTweaker is a Minecraft mod which allows modpacks and servers to customize the game. With CraftTweaker you can change recipes, script events, add new commands and even change item properties! When used with other mods the possibilities become endless. Ranging from custom machine recipes to entirely new blocks and items! | ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [ConnectedTexturesMod](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ctm) | 1.1.2.6 | Allows resource packs to add connected textures, emissive rendering, and much more. A resource pack which adds these effects to vanilla, and some select mods, can be found [here](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/texture-packs/ctp). | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [Curios API](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/curios) | 4.0.4.0 | Curios is a flexible and expandable accessory/equipment API for users and developers. The purpose is to provide functionality for developers to add extra accessory/equipment slots in a convenient and compatible manner, as well as to give users the ability to configure these slots to their preferences. By default, Curios does not add any content except for an inventory GUI. There are no slots and only two items, the latter only being available through the Creative menu and primarily serving as examples for developers to use when coding their own integration. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [Ender Storage](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ender-storage-1-8) | 2.7.1.166 | These chests link together based on matching color patterns. All chests with the same color buttons share an inventory. Ender bags can be color coded to access chests as well giving you a portable solution to the question "How do I access the stuff at my base when I am not there?" | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [Fast Leaf Decay](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fast-leaf-decay/) | 25 | A simple Minecraft Forge mod that speeds up leaf decay after you cut down the wood in a tree. By default it will only take about five seconds before all leaves are gone. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| [Global XP](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/global-xp) | 1.7.1 | This mod is pretty straight forward. It adds an XP Block which allows for near infinite storage of experience which any players can access. In the Creative Menu, it can be found under the "Miscellaneous​" tab. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| [GraveStone Mod](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/gravestone-mod/) | 1.16.5-1.0.1 | Every time you die, a grave is placed at your position. To retrieve your items just break the grave. There is also a config option to get your items back by sneaking on the grave (1.16.3+ only). | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| [Iron Chests](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/iron-chests) | 11.2.10 | Iron Chests mod has chests for the various metals in vanilla minecraft with varying sizes! | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [Just Enough Items (JEI)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jei) | 7.6.1.75 | JEI is an item and recipe viewing mod for Minecraft, built from the ground up for stability and performance. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [JourneyMap](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/journeymap) | 1.16.5-5.7.1 | Real-time mapping in game or in a web browser as you explore.  | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ |
| [Mantle](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mantle) | 1.6.79 |  This contains shared code for Forge mods and is used by the Slime Knights. Descriptive book code and common inventories are found here. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [McJtyLib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mcjtylib) | 5.0.19 | This is a companion mod required by all mods from McJty: RFTools, RFTools Dimensions, Deep Resonance and also by RF Lux by romelo333. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [Mekanism](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mekanism) | 10.0.21.448 | Progression based tech mod. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [Mekanism Generators](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mekanism-generators) | 10.0.21.448 | Mekanism Generators is an official addon to Mekanism that adds various generators and ways to produce energy. Without this module you will need some other mod to be able to produce energy for your Mekanism machines. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| [Mekanism Tools](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mekanism-tools) | 10.0.21.448 | Mekanism Tools is an official addon to Mekanism that adds Tools and Armor for various Mekanism materials, and some vanilla ones. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [Morpheus](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/morpheus/) | 4.2.70 | Adds sleep voting. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| [MouseTweaks](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mouse-tweaks) | 2.14 | Mouse Tweaks replaces the standard RMB dragging mechanic, adds two new LMB dragging mechanics and an ability to quickly move items with the scroll wheel. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| [Moving Elevators](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/moving-elevators) | 1.2.33 | Moving Elevators allows you to build real moving elevators! These elevator will move you as well as other entities on the platform to multiple floors at the press of a button! The platform can have different sizes and can move at different speeds! You can even disguise the Elevator Controller and Display as other blocks! | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| [Nature's Compass](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/natures-compass) | 1.16.5-1.8.6 | Nature's Compass is a utility item that allows you to search for a biome's location anywhere in the world and view information about it. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| [ObserverLib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/observerlib) | 1.5.1 | ObserverLib is a library mod, usable to reliably observe block changes in a potentially large area with very little performance implications. | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ |
| [Overloaded Armor Bar](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/overloaded-armor-bar) | 5.1.0 | Allows colors to overlap in the armor bar. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| [RFTools Base](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/rftools-base) | 2.0.10 | RFTools Base is the base mod for all tech mods by McJty. This includes RFTools Dimensions, RFTools Control, RFTools Power, Deep Resonance, XNet, and so on. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [RFTools Builder](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/rftools-builder) | 3.0.16 | RFTools Builder is an addon for RFTools Base which adds the builder and all the shape cards. In the future the shield system, composer, scanner, and so on will also be added. The Builder is a powerful block that can quarry areas, pump liquids, pick up items, and build shapes. This is still alpha. This mod is intended to be used together with RFTools Power and depends on RFTools Base and McJtyLib. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [Simple Backpacks](https://github.com/shroomdog27/SimpleBackpacks) | [6b1690d](https://github.com/shroomdog27/SimpleBackpacks/tree/6b1690df2548229945be7677a1a1200e99cdbc6f) | Adds simple, tiered backpacks. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| [Simple Planes](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/simple-planes) | 4.1.2 | Adds Airplanes | ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [Storage Drawers](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/storage-drawers) | 8.2.2 | Put your most frequently used items within convenient reach. Storage Drawers borrows ideas from Jabba and Bibliocraft, resulting in a highly functional, compact, and aesthetic storage solution that is meant to complement rather than replace those mods. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [Supplementaries](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/supplementaries) | 0.11.0b | Supplementaries adds many animated and functional decorations and redstone blocks that fit in well with vanilla Minecraft. | ❌ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| [Tinkers' Construct](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/tinkers-construct/) | [804b456](https://github.com/SlimeKnights/TinkersConstruct/tree/804b456a802a03ea1772332ed83d361a6d88225d) | Tinkers' Construct is a mod about putting tools together in a wide variety of ways, then modifying them until they turn into something else. The tools never disappear and can be named and changed to your heart's desire. Once you make them, they're yours forever. Many different materials can be used to make your tools. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [The One Probe](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/the-one-probe) | 3.0.7 | The One Probe (or TOP in short) is a more immersive version of WAILA. You don't get to see the information tooltip all the time but only when you have the probe in your hand (note that this mod can be configured to show the information all the time just like WAILA). | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [Torchmaster](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/torchmaster) | [67c7ecf](https://github.com/shroomdog27/TorchMaster/tree/67c7ecf7eb0c327919d48951c6d88874d7a53eb6) | Adds a special torch which prevents mob spawning in a configurable radius. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| [Trash Cans](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/trash-cans) | 1.0.8 | Trash Cans adds Trash Cans which can be used to void items, liquids and energy! Items and Liquids can be whitelisted or blacklisted and an energy transfer limit can be set! | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| [The Twilight Forest](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/the-twilight-forest) | [322da28](https://github.com/TeamTwilight/twilightforest/tree/322da28c8feb6212056260a4e5244c7ccd50db59) | Twilight Forest is a dimension exploration mod focused on adventure that will take you on a journey to meet strange creatures, exploring dungeons, and much more. | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ |
| [Waystones](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/waystones) | 7.4.0 | This mod adds waystone blocks that the player can return to once they've been activated, either through a Warp Scroll, a rechargeable Warp Stone, or by using an existing waystone to hop from one to the other. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |

# Mixins? Coremods? ATs? What are those?

## [Mixins](https://github.com/SpongePowered/Mixin)

Mixins are a type of Coremod that use Injection in order to coremod the game using only necessary code instead of a full coremod.

Mixins were written by our good friend Mumfrey.

They essentially inject other people's code into the game code. This is mostly commonly done to override game logic in order to help their mod along.

Most Mixins could be integrated into Forge proper, but people don't do it.

## [CoreMods](https://github.com/MinecraftForge/CoreMods)

CoreMods are able to transform the game more heavily than Mixins.

Without getting into the technical detail, They can essentially write new code into Minecraft's vanilla classes without needing to worry about dealing with Mixins.

These are the worst type of vanilla modifying code, since they can overwrite large portions of the game and make it difficulty to debug crashes and bugs.

## [Access Transformers (ATs)](https://mcforge.readthedocs.io/en/latest/advanced/accesstransformers/)

Access Transformers, or ATs are the most friendly type of coremod.

An Access Transformer simply modifies the [access modifiers](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/java/javaOO/accesscontrol.html) in Java. For example, a `public` method can be called by any package or class, but a `protected` method can only be called by a subclass, or a class in the same package.

An Access Transformer simply changes this access modifier to allow it to be more friendly without having to use slow and nasty [reflection](https://www.oracle.com/technical-resources/articles/java/javareflection.html).

Commit message:

Add links to check for updates

DOCUMENTATION/MODS.md, after:

# Mods

| Mod Name | Version | Description | No Mixins? | No Coremods? | No ATs? |
| -- |:--: | -- |:--:|:--:|:--:|
| [AppleSkin](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/appleskin) | 1.0.14 | Displays additional hunger information in the food bar. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| [Applied Energistics 2](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/applied-energistics-2) | 8.3.0-alpha.2 | A Mod about Matter, Energy and using them to conquer the world.  | ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [AstralSorcery](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/astral-sorcery) | 1.13.9 | Astral Sorcery is a magic mod focused around harnessing the powers of starlight and the constellations. | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ |
| [Biomes O' Plenty](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/biomes-o-plenty) | 13.0.0.431 | Biomes O' Plenty is an expansive biome mod for Minecraft that adds a slew of new, unique biomes to the Overworld and Nether!  To go along with the new biomes, it adds new plants, flowers, trees, building blocks, and much more! | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [Clumps](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/clumps) | 6.0.0.14 | Clumps groups XP orbs together into a single entity to reduce lag when there are many in a small area. Ontop of this, it also makes the player immediately collect the orbs once they touch the player, so you are not stuck with a bunch of orbs in your face. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| [CodeChicken Lib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/codechicken-lib-1-8) | 3.5.1.408 | Contains libraries for 3D math and transformations, model rendering, packets, config, colours, asm and a few other things. | ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [CraftTweaker](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/crafttweaker) | 7.1.0.184 | CraftTweaker is a Minecraft mod which allows modpacks and servers to customize the game. With CraftTweaker you can change recipes, script events, add new commands and even change item properties! When used with other mods the possibilities become endless. Ranging from custom machine recipes to entirely new blocks and items! | ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [ConnectedTexturesMod](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ctm) | 1.1.2.6 | Allows resource packs to add connected textures, emissive rendering, and much more. A resource pack which adds these effects to vanilla, and some select mods, can be found [here](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/texture-packs/ctp). | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [Curios API](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/curios) | 4.0.4.0 | Curios is a flexible and expandable accessory/equipment API for users and developers. The purpose is to provide functionality for developers to add extra accessory/equipment slots in a convenient and compatible manner, as well as to give users the ability to configure these slots to their preferences. By default, Curios does not add any content except for an inventory GUI. There are no slots and only two items, the latter only being available through the Creative menu and primarily serving as examples for developers to use when coding their own integration. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [Ender Storage](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ender-storage-1-8) | 2.7.1.166 | These chests link together based on matching color patterns. All chests with the same color buttons share an inventory. Ender bags can be color coded to access chests as well giving you a portable solution to the question "How do I access the stuff at my base when I am not there?" | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [Fast Leaf Decay](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fast-leaf-decay/) | 25 | A simple Minecraft Forge mod that speeds up leaf decay after you cut down the wood in a tree. By default it will only take about five seconds before all leaves are gone. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| [Global XP](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/global-xp) | 1.7.1 | This mod is pretty straight forward. It adds an XP Block which allows for near infinite storage of experience which any players can access. In the Creative Menu, it can be found under the "Miscellaneous​" tab. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| [GraveStone Mod](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/gravestone-mod/) | 1.16.5-1.0.1 | Every time you die, a grave is placed at your position. To retrieve your items just break the grave. There is also a config option to get your items back by sneaking on the grave (1.16.3+ only). | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| [Iron Chests](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/iron-chests) | 11.2.10 | Iron Chests mod has chests for the various metals in vanilla minecraft with varying sizes! | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [Just Enough Items (JEI)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jei) | 7.6.1.75 | JEI is an item and recipe viewing mod for Minecraft, built from the ground up for stability and performance. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [JourneyMap](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/journeymap) | 1.16.5-5.7.1 | Real-time mapping in game or in a web browser as you explore.  | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ |
| [Mantle](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mantle) | 1.6.79 |  This contains shared code for Forge mods and is used by the Slime Knights. Descriptive book code and common inventories are found here. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [McJtyLib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mcjtylib) | 5.0.19 | This is a companion mod required by all mods from McJty: RFTools, RFTools Dimensions, Deep Resonance and also by RF Lux by romelo333. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [Mekanism](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mekanism) | 10.0.21.448 | Progression based tech mod. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [Mekanism Generators](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mekanism-generators) | 10.0.21.448 | Mekanism Generators is an official addon to Mekanism that adds various generators and ways to produce energy. Without this module you will need some other mod to be able to produce energy for your Mekanism machines. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| [Mekanism Tools](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mekanism-tools) | 10.0.21.448 | Mekanism Tools is an official addon to Mekanism that adds Tools and Armor for various Mekanism materials, and some vanilla ones. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [Morpheus](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/morpheus/) | 4.2.70 | Adds sleep voting. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| [MouseTweaks](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mouse-tweaks) | 2.14 | Mouse Tweaks replaces the standard RMB dragging mechanic, adds two new LMB dragging mechanics and an ability to quickly move items with the scroll wheel. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| [Moving Elevators](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/moving-elevators) | 1.2.33 | Moving Elevators allows you to build real moving elevators! These elevator will move you as well as other entities on the platform to multiple floors at the press of a button! The platform can have different sizes and can move at different speeds! You can even disguise the Elevator Controller and Display as other blocks! | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| [Nature's Compass](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/natures-compass) | 1.16.5-1.8.6 | Nature's Compass is a utility item that allows you to search for a biome's location anywhere in the world and view information about it. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| [ObserverLib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/observerlib) | 1.5.1 | ObserverLib is a library mod, usable to reliably observe block changes in a potentially large area with very little performance implications. | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ |
| [Overloaded Armor Bar](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/overloaded-armor-bar) | 5.1.0 | Allows colors to overlap in the armor bar. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| [RFTools Base](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/rftools-base) | 2.0.10 | RFTools Base is the base mod for all tech mods by McJty. This includes RFTools Dimensions, RFTools Control, RFTools Power, Deep Resonance, XNet, and so on. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [RFTools Builder](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/rftools-builder) | 3.0.16 | RFTools Builder is an addon for RFTools Base which adds the builder and all the shape cards. In the future the shield system, composer, scanner, and so on will also be added. The Builder is a powerful block that can quarry areas, pump liquids, pick up items, and build shapes. This is still alpha. This mod is intended to be used together with RFTools Power and depends on RFTools Base and McJtyLib. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [Simple Backpacks](https://github.com/shroomdog27/SimpleBackpacks) | [6b1690d](https://github.com/shroomdog27/SimpleBackpacks/tree/6b1690df2548229945be7677a1a1200e99cdbc6f) | Adds simple, tiered backpacks. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| [Simple Planes](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/simple-planes) | 4.1.2 | Adds Airplanes | ❌ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [Storage Drawers](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/storage-drawers) | 8.2.2 | Put your most frequently used items within convenient reach. Storage Drawers borrows ideas from Jabba and Bibliocraft, resulting in a highly functional, compact, and aesthetic storage solution that is meant to complement rather than replace those mods. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [Supplementaries](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/supplementaries) | 0.11.0b | Supplementaries adds many animated and functional decorations and redstone blocks that fit in well with vanilla Minecraft. | ❌ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| [Tinkers' Construct](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/tinkers-construct/) | [Check for Updates?](https://github.com/SlimeKnights/TinkersConstruct/compare/804b456a802a03ea1772332ed83d361a6d88225d...1.16) [804b456](https://github.com/SlimeKnights/TinkersConstruct/tree/804b456a802a03ea1772332ed83d361a6d88225d) | Tinkers' Construct is a mod about putting tools together in a wide variety of ways, then modifying them until they turn into something else. The tools never disappear and can be named and changed to your heart's desire. Once you make them, they're yours forever. Many different materials can be used to make your tools. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [The One Probe](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/the-one-probe) | 3.0.7 | The One Probe (or TOP in short) is a more immersive version of WAILA. You don't get to see the information tooltip all the time but only when you have the probe in your hand (note that this mod can be configured to show the information all the time just like WAILA). | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |
| [Torchmaster](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/torchmaster) | [67c7ecf](https://github.com/shroomdog27/TorchMaster/tree/67c7ecf7eb0c327919d48951c6d88874d7a53eb6) | Adds a special torch which prevents mob spawning in a configurable radius. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| [Trash Cans](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/trash-cans) | 1.0.8 | Trash Cans adds Trash Cans which can be used to void items, liquids and energy! Items and Liquids can be whitelisted or blacklisted and an energy transfer limit can be set! | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| [The Twilight Forest](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/the-twilight-forest) | [Check for Updates?](https://github.com/TeamTwilight/twilightforest/compare/322da28c8feb6212056260a4e5244c7ccd50db59...1.16.x) [322da28](https://github.com/TeamTwilight/twilightforest/tree/322da28c8feb6212056260a4e5244c7ccd50db59) | Twilight Forest is a dimension exploration mod focused on adventure that will take you on a journey to meet strange creatures, exploring dungeons, and much more. | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ |
| [Waystones](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/waystones) | 7.4.0 | This mod adds waystone blocks that the player can return to once they've been activated, either through a Warp Scroll, a rechargeable Warp Stone, or by using an existing waystone to hop from one to the other. | ✔️ | ✔️ | ❌ |

# Mixins? Coremods? ATs? What are those?

## [Mixins](https://github.com/SpongePowered/Mixin)

Mixins are a type of Coremod that use Injection in order to coremod the game using only necessary code instead of a full coremod.

Mixins were written by our good friend Mumfrey.

They essentially inject other people's code into the game code. This is mostly commonly done to override game logic in order to help their mod along.

Most Mixins could be integrated into Forge proper, but people don't do it.

## [CoreMods](https://github.com/MinecraftForge/CoreMods)

CoreMods are able to transform the game more heavily than Mixins.

Without getting into the technical detail, They can essentially write new code into Minecraft's vanilla classes without needing to worry about dealing with Mixins.

These are the worst type of vanilla modifying code, since they can overwrite large portions of the game and make it difficulty to debug crashes and bugs.

## [Access Transformers (ATs)](https://mcforge.readthedocs.io/en/latest/advanced/accesstransformers/)

Access Transformers, or ATs are the most friendly type of coremod.

An Access Transformer simply modifies the [access modifiers](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/java/javaOO/accesscontrol.html) in Java. For example, a `public` method can be called by any package or class, but a `protected` method can only be called by a subclass, or a class in the same package.

An Access Transformer simply changes this access modifier to allow it to be more friendly without having to use slow and nasty [reflection](https://www.oracle.com/technical-resources/articles/java/javareflection.html).
